Handle game win condition
ensure the generation ends at a final dungeon in the last biome
invoke a game over screen at the end of the dungeon.
return to main menu.

save feature
let the user save their campaign progress
anywhere in the overworld?

placeholder item models.
dungeon items
overworld lock and key

dungeon generation logic
the first dungeon is pretty good
have later dungeons vary in size and feel.
different hallway sizes,
skinned dungeons
 dungeons themed based on biome
 decorative items,
 vary dungeon generation per biome

overworld models
  skin the walls, mountains, locks.
overworld decorations
  cosmetic items in the overworld themed to the biome  
  add them through a cosmetic layer in twc
  be very mindful of polycount as overworld is very zoomed out
town
  create houses skinned to the biome
  replace placeholder road, it should look like medieval fantasy.
  create distinct look for inn, shop, and other buildinds

placeholder screen
replace starting unit selector with real graphics.
how does initial selection affect the campaign?
don't display debug info panels during real game.
skin all ui buttons.

units have no portraits.
use similar method to doll image generation in office sirens
make a scene to cycle through all heros, have a camera setup to output to a render texture
save the render texture as a portrait, associate to hero data.

overworld random encounters
when walking around in the overworld have chance to random encounter
it will act like entering a random short dungeon
dungeon will be themed "outdoors"
skinned to the biome and terrain the player is in

A message popup and status display
"A attacked B!"
"B took 5 damage"
"B died"
"A use item X"
"A used skill X"
"Picked up ___"
pretty much anything which is displayed over characters head atm
use for overworld
 "gate opened" message
 "Requires key" hints
 "any party updates"

wire up music

enemy behavior in dungeon
have an enemy mode where they are idle until provoked, similar to torneko wizards
they are "sleeping" but not through the sleep status effect
have enemies with ranged attacks.
tricksters who steal items/money
enemy who cause confuse
mimics who act like treasure chests until attacked
